killed during a humanitarian airdrop
that's the tragic fate of a Palestinian
man collecting Aid in the city of shua
in northeastern Gaza on March
9th an airplane drops eight packages
over the Gaza Strip but soon it becomes
evident that it doesn't come without
risk the packages land near the border
fence in Northern
Gaza exclusive footage obtained by Al
jazer shows Israeli soldiers
deliberately targeting Palestinians as
they rushed to collect
it the video shows Israeli soldiers
opening fire despite none of this
Palestinian men posing a
threat the firing continues even as this
man leaves the area moving away from the
border and the soldiers
positions as the soldiers Watch Dogs
approach the wounded man and the video
cuts off highlighting the overwhelming
lless that has taken hold in the
area nadii
alaza